README.md, before:

Projects Portfolio
========

Author: Naeem Tai

* **Projects in the repository:**
  - CSCI 452 Object Oriented Analysis and Design, *Spring 2014, IUPUI*
  - CSCI 362 Data Strucutres and Algorithms, *Fall 2013, IUPUI*
    - k-means clustering algorithm : classifies image pixels into specified number of clusters based on their color values.
  - CSCI-240 Computing II, *Spring 2013, IUPUI*
    - Multi User App (Multi User Native Application for Information Management) : native GUI based application that allows users to store information in password protected personal accounts and share with other users.
	- AsciiAnimation : GUI based application that allows users to create, save/load, and play character based animations.
	- Sorting : implementation of bubble sort, insertion sort, and selection sort algorithms.
	- HorseRace : simulation of probability based horse race with varying number of horses and length of race.
	- NumberGuess : number guessing game with two options: computer guesses your number in maximum of 7 tries, or you guess the computer's number till you get it right.
  - CSCI-230 Computing I, *Fall 2012, IUPUI*

* **Projects not in repository:**
  - Chatterbox, social media application to be released in 3 weeks.
  - CSCI-N 300 Mobile Computing, *Fall 2012, IUPUI*

Commit message:

Added Students project
Added Students, dealing with file input and parsing, project from CSCI
240 course.

README.md, after:

Projects Portfolio
========

Author: Naeem Tai

* **Projects in the repository:**
  - CSCI 452 Object Oriented Analysis and Design, *Spring 2014, IUPUI*
  - CSCI 362 Data Strucutres and Algorithms, *Fall 2013, IUPUI*
    - k-means clustering algorithm : classifies image pixels into specified number of clusters based on their color values.
  - CSCI-240 Computing II, *Spring 2013, IUPUI*
    - Multi User App (Multi User Native Application for Information Management) : native GUI based application that allows users to store information in password protected personal accounts and share with other users.
	- AsciiAnimation : GUI based application that allows users to create, save/load, and play character based animations.
	- Sorting : implementation of bubble sort, insertion sort, and selection sort algorithms.
	- HorseRace : simulation of probability based horse race with varying number of horses and length of race.
	- NumberGuess : number guessing game with two options: computer guesses your number in maximum of 7 tries, or you guess the computer's number till you get it right.
	- Students : parse students' records from input file and store data in appropriate objects and instances; allows users to perform various operations on data such as reading, sorting, and searching.
  - CSCI-230 Computing I, *Fall 2012, IUPUI*

* **Projects not in repository:**
  - Chatterbox, social media application to be released in 3 weeks.
  - CSCI-N 300 Mobile Computing, *Fall 2012, IUPUI*
